<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3c.org/1999/xhtml"
                xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
                xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
                xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
                template="/WEB-INF/templates/template.xhtml">
    <ui:define name="content">
        <p:messages id="msg" showDetail="true" showSummary="false" autoUpdate="true" closable="true"/>

        <style>
            code {
                color:dimgrey;
                font-style: italic;
            }
        </style>
        
        <p:commandButton 
        value="Access Points"
        action="/admin/accessPoints"
        icon="pi pi-arrow-left"/>

        &nbsp;
        <p:commandButton
        value="Setup"
        action="/admin/accessPointSetup"
        icon="pi pi-arrow-left"/>
            
        <p:outputLabel>
            <h2></h2>
            <h1>Detailed Information on Access Point Config File</h1>
            Each Access Point can be configured via "conf.yaml". Here you can find more detailed information on all the possible configurations.
            <h3>General Configurations</h3>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <code>group:</code> This field requires a String that identifies the group/company which the sever is set to.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>id_accesspoint:</code> This field reqires an Integer that corresponds to the id that the Access Point was given by the server. 
                    This id can be found on the Page <i>Access Points</i> in the <i>Admin Submenu</i> in the column "ID"
                </li>
                <li><code>ip_server:</code> This field requires the IP Adress of the server the backend is running on. You can find it when typing ipconfig 
                    in the command line (of your server) and then look at the line where it says <i>IPv4-Address</i>.
                </li>
            </ul>

            <h3>Log Configuration</h3>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <code>log_files_filepath:</code> This field requires the file path, where the standard log-files of the program shall be written to. It shall be
                    of the form : <i>/accessPoint/python/log/log_files/</i>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>log_file_deletion_period:</code> This field reuires an Integer stating the numbe of days after which log files shall be deleted.
                </li>
            </ul>

            <h3>Connection Intervals</h3>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <code>connection_intervall:</code> This field requires an integer, which states the the time to wait in seconds between bluetooth
                    connections. E.g. <i>60</i> means that the Access Point will connect to al it's Tempera Devices once per minute. This interval also
                    determines the connection interval of the rest-get-request for updating the staus of the Tempera Devices belonging to the Access Point.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>connection_factor_rest:</code> This field also takes an Integer. This time it is the factor how much longer the Access Point shall
                    wait to send measurement data to the server via rest compared to the bluetooth connection. E.g. continuing the example mentioned above a 
                    factor <i>5</i> would mean that the measurements are sent to the server every minute (while the Access Point gets them via bluetooth every
                    minute).
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>request_timeout:</code> This field reqires an integer, how many seconds to wait for a rest request to finish before continuing with
                    the program. The default is set to 5 seconds.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>ble_timeout:</code> This field requires an integer, how many seconds to wait for a ble connection before defining the device as not
                    reachable via bluetooth. The default is set to 3 seconds.
                </li>
            </ul>

            <h3>Time Conversion</h3>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <code>time_conversion_server:</code> This has to be given with ' before and after (because of the % symbol) and describes the time
                    conversion used at the server, which is needed for sending rest-data to the server. Default format <i>'%Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S'</i>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>time_conversion_tempera_devices_server:</code> This also has to be given with ' before and after. This conversion describes the time format 
                    update timestamps of Tempera Devices have when they are sent from the server. Default format <i>'%Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S.%f'</i>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>time_format_in_messages:</code> This also has to be given with ' before and after. This describes the time format that should be used to display
                    the current time in messages on the Access Point. Default format <i>'%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S'</i>
                </li>
            </ul>

            <h3>Rest Address Configuration</h3>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <code>post_address_http:</code> Defaults to <i>"http://"</i>. Here one could change for example to https connection (would have 
                    to work on both sides not only on the Access Point)
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>post_address_port:</code> Defaults to <i>":8080/api/"</i>. This describes the port the server's request api is linked to.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>rest_measurement_address:</code> Defaults to <i>"measurements/"</i>. This describes the page measurement posts have to be sent to.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>rest_time_record_address:</code> Defaults to <i>"timerecords/"</i>. This describes the page time record posts have to eb sent to.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>rest_message_address:</code> Defaults to <i>"messages/"</i>. This describes the page message posts have to be sent to.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>rest_get_address:</code> Defaults to <i>"temperaDevices/</i>. This describes the page where Tempera Device updates can be requested.
                </li>
            </ul>

            <h3>Status Configurations</h3>
            <h5>Tempera Device Status</h5>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <code>tempera_status_enabled:</code> How the device status <i>enabled</i> of Tempera Devices is called on the server.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>tempera_status_disabled:</code> How the device status <i>disabled</i> of Tempera Devices is called on the server.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>tempera_status_not_registered:</code> How the device status <i>not registered</i> of Tempera Devices is called on the server.
                </li>
            </ul>

            <h5>Tempera Device Update Status</h5>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <code>tempera_list_update_created:</code> How the update staus <i>created</i> of Tempera Device Updates is called on the server.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>tempera_list_update_updated:</code> How the update staus <i>updated</i> of Tempera Device Updates is called on the server.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>tempera_list_update_deleted:</code> How the update staus <i>deleted</i> of Tempera Device Updates is called on the server.
                </li>
            </ul>

            <h5>Work Modus</h5>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <code>work_mode_available:</code> How the work modus <i>available</i> called on the server.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>work_mode_meeting:</code> How the work modus <i>meeting</i> called on the server.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>work_mode_deep_work:</code> How the work modus <i>deep work</i> called on the server.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>work_mode_out_of_office:</code> How the work modus <i>out of office</i> called on the server.
                </li>
            </ul>

            <h3>BLE UUIDS</h3>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <code>uuid_measurement_service:</code> This uuid marks the transmission of measurements.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>uuid_work_modus_service:</code> This uuid marks the transmission of time records.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>uuid_device_name:</code> This uuid states that the following data describes the device name of the BLE device.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>uuid_work_modus:</code> This uuid states that the following data describes the work modus the TD is currently in.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>uuid_modus_changed:</code> This uuid states that the following data indicates if the work modus changed since the last transmission.
                </li>                
                <li>
                    <code>uuid_temperature:</code> This uuid states that the following data describes the temperature measurement.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>uuid_humidity:</code> This uuid states that the following data  describes the humidity measurement.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>uuid_light_intensity:</code> This uuid states that the following data describes the light intensity measurement.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>uuid_air_quality:</code> This uuid states that the following data describes the air quality measurement.
                </li>
                <li>
                    <code>uuid_read_write_data:</code> This uuid marks the part, where the Access Point can tell the Tempera Device that the data was read.
                </li>
            </ul>


        </p:outputLabel>
        
        <h2></h2>
        <p:commandButton 
        value="Access Points"
        action="/admin/accessPoints"
        icon="pi pi-arrow-left"/>

        &nbsp;
        <p:commandButton
        value="Setup"
        action="/admin/accessPointSetup"
        icon="pi pi-arrow-left"/>
        
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
